Add YouCube (#15)
tomodachi94/awesome-computercraft: README.md

- Musicify: A lightweight client for playing music on ComputerCraft: Tweaked. **[Source](https://github.com/knijn/musicify)**
- tracc: An XM module tracker/player for ComputerCraft, supporting 8 channel polyphony in-game. **[Source](https://github.com/MCJack123/tracc/tree/playAudio)**
- YahtCC: An implementation of the *[Yahtzee](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yahtzee)* dice game. **[Source](https://gist.github.com/MCJack123/4f7f1635998f44630c8440e81213d32e)**

> - YouCube: YouTube and other services in Computer Craft. **[Source](https://github.com/Commandcracker/YouCube)**

Reviewer: Add this at the beginning, and there's a minor spelling error.
```suggestion
- YouCube: Access YouTube and other services in ComputerCraft. **[Source](https://github.com/Commandcracker/YouCube)**
```
